This directory contains the "core" source code for the paradyn performance
tools and the Dyninst API.  It is divided into subdirectories that represent
major functional units of the system:

Each of these directories contain source code that gets compiled into a single
UNIX executable:

	igen		- interface generator
	paradyn		- paradyn GUI/controller
	paradynd	- paradynd (i.e. instrumentation manager)
	rthist		- real-time histogram visualization
	visiClients	- tclVisi, barchart, phaseTable, and tableVisi visis

There are also several libraries that get used in building the executables:

	rtinst		- runtime instrumentation (linked into the application) 
	thread		- a thread package used by paradyn
	util		- utility library
	visi		- external visualization interface
	hist		- histogram library used by rthist

Two more directories contain the libraries that make up the Dyninst API:

	dyninstAPI_RT	- runtime instrumentation (linked into the application)
	dyninstAPI	- the Dyninst API library

There are also two Makefile's at this level:
	
	Makefile	A top level makefile to build the entire system
	make.config	A Makefile that defines global lists, flags, etc that
			will be included into all other Makefiles in the system.

The top-level Makefile does not build the Dyninst API library.  See the README
file in core/dyninstAPI for information about installing the API library.

The subdirectories of the "core" directory are organized to promote modularity
and support compiling the system for multiple platforms in a single source 
tree.

Each directory contains the following files:
	h	- a directory describing the exported interface of this 
		  component.  This typically consists of one or more C++ header
		  files, and one or more interface generator specifications
		  (files ending in .I).

	src	- a directory containing the source files for the component.
		  Header files that are not part of the exported interface
		  are in this directory.

	docs	- a directory containing the documentation for this component
		  of the system.  This generally consists of several man pages
		  and a README file.

        compilation directories: <arch>-<vendor>-<os>
		  There is one of these for each supported platform.  The 
		  contents of this directory consist of a Makefile and the 
		  machine derived files that are built as part of the process 
		  of building the component.  These might includes .C and .h 
		  files generated by igen, flex, and bison as well as object 
		  files (.o's).
