MRNet: A Multicast/Reduction Network
http://www.paradyn.org/mrnet/
Copyright © 2003-2005 Dorian C. Arnold, Philip C. Roth, Barton P. Miller.

LICENSE contains the usage terms for MRNet.

1. OVERVIEW
  MRNet is a customizable, high-performance software infrastructure for
  building scalable tools.  It supports efficient multicast and data
  aggregation functionality using a tree of processes between the tool's
  front-end and back-ends.  MRNet-based tools may use these internal
  processes to distribute many important tool activities, for example to
  reduce data analysis time and keep tool front-end loads manageable.

  MRNet-based tool components communicate across logical channels called
  streams. At MRNet internal processes,  filters are bound to these streams to
  synchronize and aggregate dataflows. Using filters, MRNet can efficiently
  compute averages, sums, and other more complex aggregations and analyses
  on tool data. MRNet also supports facilities that allow tool developers
  dynamically load new tool-specific filters into the system.

  Features:
    * Flexible tool organization: MRNet does not dictate the organization of
      MRNet and tool processes, so MRNet-based tools can tailor MRNet's
      configuration to the requirements of the tool and its target environment.

    * Scalable, flexible data aggregation:  MRNet provides a set of built-in
      filters for traditional data aggregation operations like averages, sums,
      and data concatenation.  MRNet also supports custom, dynamically-loaded
      filters for tool-specific aggregations.

    * High-bandwidth communication: Internally, MRNet transfers data using an 
      efficient, packed binary representation. Zero-copy data paths are used 
      whenever possible to reduce data transfer latency.
    
    * Scalable multicast: MRNet supports efficient multicast to reduce the cost
      of delivering tool control messages to tool back-ends.

    * Multiple concurrent data channels: MRNet supports multiple logical
      channels of data between tool components. Multiple aggregation and
      multicast operations may be in progress simultaneously.

    * Open source licensing.



2. MRNet v1.1 RELEASE NOTES
  This release of MRNet includes a source distribution for Unix/Linux
  platforms, a Windows binary distribution, as well as associated manuals.
  The release incorporates improvements and platform changes made to MRNet
  since the 1.0 release.

  For information about the software releases, plus papers and manuals on the
  MRNet system, visit:
      http://www.paradyn.org/mrnet

  Release Highlights:
    * Support for multiple overlays in single tool/application
    * Support forback-ends not started by MRNet
      - Static only: backends join to complete network initialization phase
    * Topology specification via memory buffer
    * Comprehensive test suite
    * Windows support
    * IBM/Sun native compiler support
    * Various fixes and enhancements
      - e.g. Data reference counting for automatic garbage collection

3. SUPPORTED PLATFORMS

  MRNet is designed to be a highly-portable system. While it should build
  effortlessly with GNU v3 compilers, this version adds support for native
  compilers on Solaris, AIX, and Windows. We have built and successfully tested
  MRNet components on:
   - i686-pc-linux-gnu
   - ia64-unknown-linux
   - rs6000-ibm-aix5.1.0.0
   - sparc-sun-solaris2.8
   - sparc-sun-solaris2.9
   - i386-unknown-nt4.0

4. CONTACT

  Paradyn Project
  Computer Sciences Department
  University of Wisconsin
  1210 West Dayton Street
  Madison, WI 53706
  Web: http://www.paradyn.org/mrnet
  Email: darnold@cs.wisc.edu
  FAX: (608) 262-9777
