
This is the version 1.1 release of the Dyninst API.  Currently, the API
library is available for the SPARC/Solaris, IBM Power/AIX, Intel/Solaris,
and Intel/Windows NT platforms.

Documentation for the API can be found at:

    http://www.cs.umd.edu/~hollings/dyninstAPI/dyninstAPI.html

The core/dyninstAPI/tests directory contains the source code for programs
that test the API functions.  These programs are useful as examples of how
to use the API.  See the README file in that directory for how to run or
rebuild them.

Building the Dyninst API from source
------------------------------------

If you downloaded the source distribution of this package, you can build the
Dyninst API libraries by running "make" in the core directory (one level up
from where this README file is located).  However, note the steps below
which must be taken to set up your environment before you do so.  The
top-level makefile contains directives for compiling the Paradyn parallel
performance tool, from which the Dyninst API was derived.  If you have
downloaded only the Dyninst API, you will see a number of messages about
missing directories.  These directories are needed only for making Paradyn,
so you should ignore these messages.  If you downloaded the entire Paradyn
distribution, you can make only the API libraries by running "make
dynInstAPI" in the core directory.

Setting up the environment
--------------------------

Before compiling or using the Dyninst API library, you should set the
environment variables PLATFORM and DYNINST_ROOT.  PLATFORM should be set to
one of the following values depending upon what operating system you are
running on:

    rs6000-ibm-aix4.1		AIX Version 4.1
    i386-unknown-solaris2.5	Solaris 2.5 on an Intel x86 processor
    i386-unknown-nt4.0		Windows NT on an Intel x86 processor
    sparc-sun-solaris2.4	Solaris 2.4 or 2.5 on a SPARC processor

DYNINST_ROOT should be set to the pathname of the top of the library source
tree (the "core" directory, one level up from where this README file is
located).

On the Sparc Solaris platform, it is also necessary to set the environment
variable DYNINSTAPI_RT_LIB to the full pathname of the file
libdyninstAPI_RT.so.1.  If you have correctly set the DYNINST_ROOT and
PLATFORM environment variables, then the proper pathname is:

    $DYNINST_ROOT/lib/$PLATFORM/libdyninstAPI_RT.so.1

On Windows NT, you should put the directory %DYNINST_ROOT%/lib/%PLATFORM% in
your path.

Building the library on Windows NT
----------------------------------

If you have received this file as part of the source code distribution of
the library and wish to compile on Windows NT, you will need to obtain and
install the ONC RPC package for Windows NT.  You can get this from the
following URL:

    ftp://grilled.cs.wisc.edu/paradyn/etc/oncrpc112winnt.tar.gz

After installing ONC RPC, you should create a file named "make.config.local"
in the core directory, and include a line in it to set the RPCPKG variable to
the location in which you installed ONC RPC.  For instance, if you installed
it in C:\SUNRPC:

    RPCPKG = C:\SUNRPC

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

This software is derived from the Paradyn system and therefore subject to
the same copyright.  A copy of the Paradyn copyright appears at the end of
this file.

Some known issues relating to this distribution are:
  - You must use a compiler that provides a built-in "bool" type (such as
    the current version of gcc).

	Jeff Hollingsworth
	Bryan Buck
	5/6/98

----------------------- Start of Paradyn Copyright --------------------------
Copyright (c) 1996 Barton P. Miller

We provide the Paradyn Parallel Performance Tools (below
described as Paradyn") on an AS IS basis, and do not warrant its
validity or performance.  We reserve the right to update, modify,
or discontinue this software at any time.  We shall have no
obligation to supply such updates or modifications or any other
form of support to you.

This license is for research uses.  For such uses, there is no
charge. We define "research use" to mean you may freely use it
inside your organization for whatever purposes you see fit. But you
may not re-distribute Paradyn or parts of Paradyn, in any form
source or binary (including derivatives), electronic or otherwise,
to any other organization or entity without our permission.

(for other uses, please contact us at paradyn@cs.wisc.edu)

All warranties, including without limitation, any warranty of
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, are hereby
excluded.

By your use of Paradyn, you understand and agree that we (or any
other person or entity with proprietary rights in Paradyn) are
under no obligation to provide either maintenance services,
update services, notices of latent defects, or correction of
defects for Paradyn.

Even if advised of the possibility of such damages, under no
circumstances shall we (or any other person or entity with
proprietary rights in the software licensed hereunder) be liable
to you or any third party for direct, indirect, or consequential
damages of any character regardless of type of action, including,
without limitation, loss of profits, loss of use, loss of good
will, or computer failure or malfunction.  You agree to indemnify
us (and any other person or entity with proprietary rights in the
software licensed hereunder) for any and all liability it may
incur to third parties resulting from your use of Paradyn.

